feat(dbss): add new resource manages add RDS database to DBSS instance (#5877)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dbss_rds_database.md

---
subcategory: "Database Security Service (DBSS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_dbss_rds_database"
description: |-

>   Manages add an RDS database to DBSS instance within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: Manage the resource of adding RDS database to DBS instance within HuaweiCloud.

---

# huaweicloud_dbss_rds_database

Manages add an RDS database to DBSS instance within HuaweiCloud.

-> Before adding the RDS database to the DBSS instance, the DBSS instance `status` must be **ACTIVE**.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "instance_id" {}
variable "rds_id" {}
variable "type" {}

resource "huaweicloud_dbss_rds_database" "test" {
  instance_id = var.instance_id
  rds_id      = var.rds_id
  type        = var.type
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the DBSS instance ID.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `rds_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the RDS instance ID.

Reviewer: RDS instance ID or RDS databases ID?

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the RDS database type.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **MYSQL**
  + **ORACLE**
  + **POSTGRESQL**
  + **SQLSERVER**
  + **DAMENG**
  + **TAURUS**
  + **DWS**
  + **KINGBASE**
  + **MARIADB**
  + **GAUSSDBOPENGAUSS**

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `status` - (Optional, String) Specifies the audit status of the RDS database.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **ON**
  + **OFF**

  After an RDS database is associated with the DBSS instance, the audit status is **OFF** by default.

* `lts_audit_switch` - (Optional, Int) Specifies whether to disable LTS audit.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **1**: Indicates disable.
  + **0**: Remain unchanged. (In this case, the value can also be an integer other than **1**).

>   -> This parameter is used in the DWS database scenario. If you do not disable LTS audit, no operation is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -> This parameter is used in the DWS database scenario. If you do not need to close it, there is no need to set this field.
```
